Let's take just a moment and
talk about setting up for this course.
You'll need two things.
One, an Internet browser
with developer tools.
That could be Internet Explorer,
Firefox, Safari or Chrome.
In our case we'll be using Google Chrome.
And you'll also need a text editor.
I'll be using brackets.io,
which is free, and
also lets you quickly and
easily run web pages and JavaScript code.
Now I know we said this course isn't
about building websites or jQuery,
on that sort of thing, just focusing
on the JavaScript programming language.
We're going to do that though,
by writing JavaScript code and
then running it in the browser.
And using the browser's
tools to learn more and
dig deeper into what
the language is doing.
If you'd like to match up for
this course with the tools we'll be using,
you'll need Google Chrome again.
You can find that, if you don't have
Google Chrome at google.com/chrome.
Go to that address, download and
install Chrome on your computer.
Once you have it installed
you'll be able to go to the menu
and you'll be able to go to more tools and
then developer tools.
Or you can hit F12 on your keyboard.
We're going to spend a lot of time
inside these developer tools.
They'll probably pop out like this for
you, and then, you can use this button
if you like to undock into a separate
window and give yourself a bit more space.
You can also hold down your Ctrl or
Cmd key and then do plus or
minus to increase or decrease the font.
I'll be using a larger font size, so that
you can see what we're doing in the video.
Now, I'll close this with the x in the
upper right of the developer tools window.
And if you want an excellent text editor,
perfect for
this course, just go to brackets.io.
Brackets is provided by Adobe,
it's free, and
it lets you edit html,
CSS, and JavaScript.
And the really nice part is,
you can immediately run it in the browser,
because it comes with a little server,
that's just part of the package.
Again, this is free.
You can go to brackets.io,
install it on your computer.
Once you do that, you just open it.
And as we're writing code in this course
or you're perusing the downloadable code
that the course makes available
we'll just go to file, open folder.
Find a folder,
say a folder on your desktop or
wherever you choose to download
these files to work on it.
That will be the folder
that contains your code.
Then we'll just open our file and
begin writing our code.
You can adjust the theme
under View > Themes
to change your color scheme, or
increase and decrease your font size.
I'll be using again an increased font
size for the purposes of the video.
And that's it.
Google Chrome and brackets, and
you're ready to go for this course.